Explain the documentation build (#80)
BAMresearch/FenicsXConcrete: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Formatting

We use `black` (with line-length 119) and `isort` (black profile) as automated formatters. On pull requests, this is automatically checked and you can only merge if your code passes the check. You can include both in a 
[pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) locally by executing 

```shell
mamba install pre-commit
pre-commit install
```

which creates a hook in your local git repository that is called when a commit is executed. 
This will work assuming you have `black` and `isort` installed in your environment. `pre-commit` takes information from the `.pre-commit-config.yaml` to know which actions to perform. The formatting rules for both tools are defined in `pyproject.toml`.

**Note:** We may decide on slight variations in the code formatting. This will be mentioned here in the future.

## Documentation

You should always test if the api documentaion correctly renders the types, parameters, return values and attributes. 
This can be checked by building the documentation locally. Just run the following commands:

```shell
cd docs
make html
```

> Please take note, if this generates or changes files in `docs/api`. If so, commit and push tehm as well, since this cannot be done automatically by readthedocs. The `_build` directory is listed in the `.gitignore` and should not be commited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please take note, this can generates or changes files in `docs/api`. If so, commit and push them as well, since this is currently not included in your workflow and cannot be done automatically by readthedocs. The `_build` directory is listed in the `.gitignore` and should not be commited.
```
